Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Take a deep breath in.
And exhale.
Inhale.
and exhale.
Notice the beat of your heart.
The rhythm of life.
You hold the power to create
all that you desire out of nothing.
You okay?
Yeah.
What do you see?
What do you feel?
Remember that there is
great power within you.
And that power will
guide you on your journey.
Let me see the gun.
Is it loaded?
I suggest you load it.
Today is a beautiful day of opportunity.
I am exactly where I need to be.
I open myself to the universe
and trust in the unfolding of my life.
This day will bring you peace.
And an opportunity for success.
Feel this moment.
Have a beautiful rest of your day.
You have found your buddy.
Don't say anything
unless you have to. okay?
Are you okay?
Everything is fine.
Who is this?
This is my cousin.
Wasn't he your cousin?
No. this is my other cousin.
Have you done this before?
Sat in a car for two hours?
Yeah.
Okay.
Put these in this bag.
Leave it for a minute.
I'll be back in a minute.
Ali.
Matthew.
Stay here.
Just put the watches
in the briefcase. okay?
What the f...
Hey. what's the problem?
Hands on your head!
You carrying a gun?
In the car.
Alright. get in.
What?
Get in the trunk. we'll shoot.
Where's your phone?
In the car.
What's the pin?
1324.
There's water in the trunk.
Today is different.
Today is not like any other day.
Today you're going to
take two sets of diamonds.
Here you go.
Six diamonds. eight carats each.
It's worth three million dollars.
What about the ones in the briefcase?
Those are fake.
Fake?
Get out.
You're going to put these in the bag.
I don't know what you're up to.
Get in the car.
Okay. Ali.
Look at the car.
Get out of the car.
We'll follow you.
Just for safety.
Okay.
I see your weapon.
What is this?
It was my dad's gun.
Oh. really?
Who was her dad?
John Wayne?
Take this.
You bring it straight back.
No stopping.
What did I say?
That guy's fucking disrespectful.
Have you seen my keys?
I'm late.
Hey.
Get a little privacy.
If you're going to take a
dump. then lock the door.
I peed.
Your pee's sitting down now.
That's three minutes of my day.
Jesus. that's sexy.
What the fuck?
That's your fucking house.
Ben. as you can see. my partner's
parked across the street from your home.
It's just an insurance policy.
Same as the jewels you're carrying.
Also covered by insurance.
So let's not do anything stupid.
Understand?
When I say go. slowly remove your gun. both
the phones. and throw them into my car.
Clear?
Go.
Slowly.
Stay there.
Do not move.
Ben. get out.
Kneel down back of the car.
I swore personally I wouldn't
die for an insurance company.
Just take it and go.
No. Ben.
I want the real diamonds
and the papers now.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I want to get you home to Soraya. Ben.
Help me do that.
Where are they?
My ankle.
Which one?
Left.
I slowly move them.
Come on. Ben.
Get out.
Let's go.
Fucking move.
Kneel down.
Here.
I'm betting you didn't back up your photos.
Well. you have a very unique eye.
And your beautiful home here is a
real tribute to all of your achievements.
What we offer you is the highest level of protection
for all of these things that you care so much about.
Okay. protection.
Come here.
What does this look like?
A thermostat?
Fingerprint activation.
All me and my daughter
have to do is touch it.
Boom.
Opens in a heartbeat.
Oh. okay.
Never seen that before.
Panic safe.
One in every single room.
Well. that's not going to lower your insurance
premiums. but I'm certain it must make you feel better.
It fucking well does.
I had two buddies last year. had
home invaders while they were in bed.
You ever shoot one?
A home invader?
No. a Glock.
No. that's not exactly in my line of work.
You're going to like it.
No. no. no.
No. it's going to be good.
Here we go.
You ready?
Hey. Ramon?
Could you please move?
Gracias.
I'm probably going to hit him. you know.
No. no. no.
You're not going to hit him.
He gets out of the way all the time.
All right. I'll take that and you take this.
And if you hit one of those
bottles. I'll sign your policy right now.
Okay.
There you go.
Just go ahead and point.
All you do is relax and you just
squeeze when you're ready. okay?
Oh. God.
Well. you didn't hit Ramon.
That's good.
That's good news.
There you go.
All right.
Next up.
This needs to be on the policy as it is
definitely appreciated since I bought it.
I've only seen that inside a museum.
It cost me $6.2 million.
But we both know contemporary black
art is only going in one direction. right?
Listen. we got a lot of stuff to go through.
We got a lot of high-tech stuff in here.
What makes us different is
that we also protect your privacy.
For example. we also have cyber liability.
Do you remember the admission
scandal of a few years back?
I do. yeah.
Yeah. well. none of our
clients were named in that.
And. hello. we also will cover your daughter's
possessions as she goes off to college.
That's my fiancée. Adrian.
Lovely to meet you. Adrian.
We were just about to talk about
your coverage for your wedding.
Sounds like it's a beautiful venue.
Are you going to be long. Daddy?
No. we're totally done here.
Well. well. well. right next to the 101.
Oh. don't fucking start on that shit. Lou.
Jesus Christ. you ever gonna
swap out that shit bucket?
There's nothing wrong
with that shit bucket.
It's maturing like a fine wine.
Is it?
Yeah.
It's depressing is what it is. man.
I just. I can't understand why
you wanna look so fucking poor.
That ain't what poor looks like.
What do you care so much for?
Because I gotta be seen riding in it.
With you. Detective Buddha.
Yeah.
What do we got here?
Round the back. courier got hit carrying
three mil worth of stones from downtown.
He just left these behind. Ben?
But he somehow knew these were fakes. or?
I don't know.
We don't know.
Okay.
What else can you tell us. Ben?
He knew my wife's name.
And how would he know that?
How the fuck should I know?
Why are you asking me all this shit?
Because. Ben.
The one day you carry in nearly three
million stones is the day you get hit.
I mean. that's a little
bit of a coincidence. no?
Well. I didn't give him any information
if that's what you're asking. okay?
You know. this is victim
blaming what you're doing.
Oh. I'm victim blaming?
Yes.
Is that what I'm doing?
Did he take your phones?
Yeah. he did.
But he gave them back.
Your cousin says you shot at him.
The gun fucking misfired.
He had a gun.
Yeah.
Why didn't he shoot you?
You'll have to ask him.
I told you don't start on that.
Start on what?
That lone ranger shit.
It's his M.O.. man.
What do you mean his M.O.? The
M.O. would not leave any clues behind?
He knows exactly what
to transport and when.
He cuts the camera line in advance.
There's no violence.
He's in and out in seconds.
He disappears. or right next to the 101.
Come on.
He's got rules.
Rules?
He's got rules?
Yeah. and he sticks to them.
Yeah. this is gonna be
another one we eat shit for.
No one's eating shit.
What's going on with you?
The lieutenant says...
I should look into a change of partner.
Says if I stick with you.
I'll end up languishing.
Did he?
Yep.
And what'd you say?
I told him I didn't want to do that.
Thanks.
But this lone wolf obsession of
yours. it ain't winning us any friends.
It's the same guy. and I know it.
Well. you better be fucking right. Lou.
Because I need to step up. man. and soon.
So. how'd it go?
Did he show you his weapons?
Not all of them. I hope.
It went good.
Did you close?
Yeah. basically.
He just. you know. wants
to look over the quote.
Guy's like a gazillionaire.
He's got time for that?
Yeah. yeah. I guess
that's how you stay rich.
Oh. right.
Well. I'm sure you nailed it.
Uh. Phil.
Yeah?
Any word on the meeting?
What meeting would that be?
The partner's meeting.
The one to finalize my partnership.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. um...
Yeah. no. the. uh...
I just got to get the senior
team around the same table.
But Mark is just back from
Maui. so let me chase it up.
Yeah. but that's what
you said before he left.
Yeah. well. I'm not in charge
of calendars. Sharon. so...
Well...
Can we not?
So. how'd it go?
Uh. there was. uh. an incident.
Police?
Yeah. just some kids. you know.
It's nearly one.
I don't know.
You believe in omens?
Fuck omens.
You got shook up. that's all.
This and the next one in Santa Barbara.
You'll have had a good year.
You'll have a good year.
too. and I'm taking all the risk.
You're just selling it.
Something bothering you?
It's just a Santa Barbara job. you know.
It doesn't feel right.
It's a lot of money to
leave on the table. champ.
I'll have a buyer waiting.
I don't know if it's happening in the middle of the
day. but we're going straight in through the front door.
There's no way of knowing how
many people will be in the car.
Someone could get hurt.
You got something else in mind?
Yeah. working on something.
Well. good.
Now. look.
Go spend some money.
Get laid.
Relax.
See you later.
You know who this is?
Jonathan?
What happened to Sarah?
Sarah's not well tonight. sweetie.
She said she messaged you.
Okay.
I don't know.
Just normal stuff. I guess.
That sounds nice.
You and I contact.
Good morning.
May this day be a clean slate for your mind.
for your actions. and for your thoughts.
May this day bring...
Before we begin. it is my pleasure to introduce the
latest member of our valuation team. Madeline Adcock.
Along with Sharon. Madeline's going
to focus on High Net Worth Residential.
I'm sure we will all make her feel welcome.
Madeline.
Hey. guys.
Thanks.
Thrilled to be here. guys.
Okay.
New business.
Sharon just valued one of the
wealthiest estates in all of California.
and what is likely to be the most
expensive wedding we have ever insured.
What's the good word for memorial. Sharon?
It is promising.
Okay.
Well. promising's good.
but closed is better.
Next up is Phil.
What do you got?
Yeah. something fishy on the claim side.
Seven-figure claim from
a jeweler. Samir Kassan.
Courier gets robbed the one day in years. if
ever. he's transporting three million diamonds.
Big coincidence. right?
Big coincidence.
Sharon. think maybe you could work your
charms with one of our friends in blue.
get him to polygraph the vendor?
This week?
I was planning a follow-up with Monroe.
It's a seven-figure claim.
Okay. how about we have Madeline
take over the follow-up with Monroe?
You know. fresh face. fresh approach.
Good idea. Phil.
Yeah. I'd be happy to take it over.
If that's okay with you.
Yeah.
Sure.
Okay. next. international.
Samir. you can see how this looks.
No. no. I don't. no.
Okay. what is this?
Fat cop. bad cop?
When do you think I started this business?
I opened my store 27 years
ago. and I got two other stores.
Why in the world would I...
Okay. let's calm down.
Did you call him to tell him
when to expect the courier?
No. I emailed.
So now what you got to ask yourself is.
how does he know who's emailed a hack?
And how could he know who's intending to
transport something before they transport it?
Same as last time. email. calendar.
Facebook. WhatsApp. Instagram.
What. no Snapchat. TikTok?
She's too old for that.
There's a job up in Santa Barbara.
My guy's laid it all out.
but he's not doing it.
Why ain't he doing it?
He's lost his nerve.
I've seen it before.
He thinks someone could get hurt.
My dad always said you
gotta break a few eggs. so...
Oh. you're not your dad.
God rest his soul.
You might not have the stomach
for some of the things he did.
but if you want a chance
to find out. this is it.
You think you can handle it?
Fuck.
Fuck. man. why'd you stop so suddenly?
I stopped. but there's
nothing sudden about it.
It was a red light.
You okay?
No. I'm not okay.
I'm late. and this is my boss's car.
Um. shit.
I just. uh. can I...
I need to get your insurance information.
Yeah. uh...
Listen. why don't...
Take this. and then that
should cover the damage.
We don't have to worry
about the home insurance.
What. you just have this wad of cash
you want to pay to not have the hassle?
I don't...
I'm trying to help you out.
You crashed into me.
I appreciate that. but I have to
go through the proper channels.
Otherwise. I'm gonna get fired.
Let me get a pen.
Yeah. bye.
Okay.
There you go.
You got...
you got. uh. kids?
What?
It's a car seat.
Oh. uh. no.
No. God. they're. um...
It's my boss's car.
All right. yeah.
She's got a pair of twins.
They're pieces of shit.
Yeah. I don't...
I don't have kids either.
Okay.
Um. I guess someone will be in touch.
I don't know how this works.
Yeah. I know.
See you later.
Excuse me.
I guess you're the insurance lady?
And I guess you're the detective man?
Yeah.
Sharon Coombs.
Thanks for meeting with me.
Sure.
Want one of these?
No. no. thanks.
I'm good.
You don't like smoothies?
I don't even like to say the word smoothie.
So you got something for
me on the Kassem case?
Actually. we were hoping you would consider
polygraphing Kassem and the courier.
Why. so you could deny his insurance claim?
He paid his premiums.
What do you want to do?
You want to screw him in return?
It's a nice job you got there. Sharon.
Yeah?
Nice.
And how's public service
working out for you?
All you hoped it would be?
I mean. you do make the world a safer place. so.
uh. I guess that's job satisfaction for you. huh?
At least I'm not screwing
the people I'm paid to protect.
I'm not screwing over anybody.
What we provide is what people
want most in the world after wealth.
Wouldn't that be good health?
Nope.
That's security of wealth.
Ah. damn it.
And here I was brought up to believe
that money can't buy you happiness.
I'm sorry.
You've been misled.
Studies show that happiness in the over 45s
is overwhelmingly tied to financial security.
I'm just talking about a comfortable
life in a nice little neighborhood.
You got your piece of
the American pie. Sharon.
I live here by the beach.
Why else would anybody
want to live in this town?
You know. statistics point
to this being an inside job.
Statistics?
Yes.
Every series of human
actions creates a pattern.
Now. I could show you a map that would predict where 90%
of the people who develop heart disease will live in L.A..
and I can tell you it's
nowhere around here.
It's nice.
Nice to meet you. Sharon.
It's nice to meet you. too.
And you know. we are well
within our rights to polygraph.
Every series of human
actions creates a pattern.
The area you're looking at has seen
219 robberies in the last four years.
Arthur. can you please remove
every robbery under 500k?
Ooh. CSI.
Go ahead.
Just here to listen.
Remove every robbery that doesn't involve a
courier. delivery service. or an armored vehicle.
Now. remove every robbery where there was
some type of violence used in the crime.
Lastly. remove every robbery where there
was some DNA or evidence left at the scene.
Boom.
As smart as that guy is. he
can't help but form a pattern.
He knows when the jewelers are moving merchandise
and when. I believe. by hacking their communications.
He doesn't use violence.
In every single case. he
hits along the 101 freeway.
Last time in south. I bet
next time is north here.
Get the fuck down.
Give me the case.
What? What the fuck?
Hey you! Get down. Get the fucking down.
Hey. Come here!
Get the fucking down.
Is there anyone in the back? Is
there anyone in the fucking back?
There is nobody in the
back. There is nobody there.
There's no one in the fucking back. huh?
There's no one in the fucking back!
Shut up!
Where's the key?
Where's the fucking key?
It's outside.
It's in the car.
It's in the car outside.
Where's the fucking car?
Fuck.
You don't play games!
Where's the key?
Where's the fucking key?
I'll fucking kill you.
It's on my neck.
I'll give it to you.
Now!
Fucking unlock the fucking door!
I have to shut the fucking door.
Come on!
Someone shut the baby up!
What?
Oh.
You!
Open the fucking cabinet!
What the fuck?
Unlock it!
Sit the fuck down!
No!
Go around!
Unlock it!
Now!
Don't you fucking look at me!
What are you doing?
Put it in his bag.
Hurry up!
Come on!
Come back around!
Get the fuck back on the ground!
Are you the fucker?
You come here!
Lay on him!
Get the fucker!
Come on!
Stay!
Where's the fucking door. Elise?
It's next to the pillow.
What?
Where's the fucker?
It's okay.
Shut up.
Where's the fucking door?
Okay.
It's easy.
Remember. I know what you look like.
Fucking take care of your baby.
Give us a room a minute.
Yeah. right.
So what's your objective?
What do you mean?
You just turned a bunch of
random robberies into a series.
You understand what that
means for the department. right?
I understand.
Let me finish.
Two of your little examples there
are cases that already have suspects.
Another one was closed
by Felner six weeks ago.
You understand?
Uh. yeah. but he was wrong.
No.
No. he wasn't wrong.
He went from red to black on the board.
That's never wrong.
You know what we don't do?
We don't reverse our
fucking clearance rates.
That's wrong.
But I know I'm right because all of these are the
same guy and he doesn't let himself get caught.
Right.
You're one brilliant factor
tying these all together.
Your guy's untraceable.
Oh. come on.
You and I both know there's
nothing here that's random.
Stop talking.
Okay.
You got the lowest
clearance rate on the squad?
It's pulling everyone down. me included.
What's the matter with you?
You used to be the...
You should have been
sitting in my seat by now. man.
Play the game.
Find a theory that works
for the whole building.
It's basically software sales.
I'll get the bow hair around this.
Hey. sorry I'm late.
That's okay.
I. uh. crashed into someone and
those things take a long time to sort out.
I'm guessing he. uh. stopped too fast. huh?
You know what?
He did. and it was fully his fault.
But I got another hot date out of it. so...
Yeah.
All right.
Do you come here a lot?
A couple times. yeah.
A couple times.
The. um...
The blanket. the bow is. uh. is good.
It's supposed to be good.
Are you. um...
Are you. are you in L.A.?
Uh. I move around a lot.
Do you?
Yeah. I prefer work.
What is it you do?
Basically. uh. software development.
Um...
For banks. just for sales.
It's not...
Not very interesting. no.
No. it's cool.
Yeah.
Hmm.
You okay?
Y-Yeah.
Um...
I think maybe this wasn't a great idea.
You seem super great.
and you're very. uh...
But I. um...
I honestly just don't see us
having all that much in common.
And I kind of have a rule where if it doesn't feel
right. you just don't waste each other's time.
But how do you know?
How do I know what?
That we won't have anything in common.
Uh...
Well. I have no idea what Blanket DeVoe is.
I mean. I-I would just. I would
never come to a place like this.
Yeah.
Me neither.
Really?
I've never been here before.
You've never been here?
Just thought it was the kind of place
where people. you know. take people.
Um...
I think it's veal.
What?
Blanket DeVoe.
Oh. oh. veal.
Yeah.
Yeah. I. um...
No. I would not eat that.
Definitely not.
What would you eat?
I thought we loved each other.
Yeah. we do.
But more in a force of
habit kind of way. right?
I mean. don't you want something you
can be excited about. something new?
You can get it.
No. I'll get it.
Fine. I don't need it.
Pick it up.
No. I'm not picking it up.
She's your first.
Fair.
Do you really want to know?
I'm gonna move out at the weekend.
No. you know what?
You stay.
I'm gonna move out.
Where are you gonna go?
I may be gonna move to the beach.
The beach?
Are you serious?
You're the least beach person I know.
I'm way more beach than you are.
Bullshit.
How did your last relationship end?
Work.
I had to move.
What motivates you?
Money. I guess.
What?
Okay.
Um...
Have you ever used handcuffs?
Yeah.
Okay.
If you had the option to press a button. oh.
and start your life over. would you press it?
Yeah.
You would?
Mm-hmm.
You?
No.
What's wrong?
I don't know.
I mean. it's kind of...
What?
Sad.
Okay. look. I work for a publicist. and we work
with musicians and actors and stuff. and. like.
I swear to you. it doesn't matter how
much money they make. it's never enough.
I'll know when I have enough.
How?
I have a number in mind. but. uh...
No. it's just enough to feel...
You know...
Safe.
So you think maybe. uh...
Maybe you want to...
Meet up again?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Maybe.
Yeah?
Yeah.
And then shots were fired.
It happened in Santa Barbara at a high-end jeweler in
the Central Commercial District a little after 10 a.m.
The intruder was captured by surveillance cameras but is
said to have worn a motorcycle helmet throughout the robbery.
This follows a string of high-profile
robberies in Southern California.
I don't work here!
No. no. no!
Uh. can we interview your witnesses?
They're not gonna be able to give you much.
The guy was wearing a
motorcycle helmet the whole time.
One of them shit their pants.
Literally.
Shit in his pants.
Well. well. well.
One-on-one robber.
There he is. Lou.
Yeah. something doesn't add up.
I'm sorry. what?
Just...
What do you mean.
something doesn't add up. Lou?
You said he was gonna hit north.
Boom. he hits north. okay?
We're barely a mile from a one-on-one.
So the location fits. the target
fits. the M.O. it fits. Lou. so which...
I'm sorry. which bit doesn't add up?
Our guy never hurt anyone.
Ah. here's my champ.
Where'd you guys go?
Where's my account for the last job?
Why. what's the matter?
Santa Barbara was the last job.
Oh. Santa Barbara.
Yeah. I found it. I planned
it. I walked you through it.
And you said you didn't want to do it.
It wasn't yours to give away.
You want to cut that in?
It's not about the fucking money.
Well. then what is it about?
It's about trust.
If this happens again. I
think you and I are done.
You and I are done?
You're gonna threaten me now?
Maybe you want to have a think
about where you'd be without me. huh?
Yeah.
I'll be here when you come back
with your tail between your legs.
Is this how you treat all your customers.
or it's a special treatment for immigrants?
This is just a formality. Mr. Kazem.
If you have nothing to hide. then you've
got absolutely nothing to worry about.
No. it's a formality.
You know. what I object to is not that I pay you to insure
me and you look for ways to refuse to give what you owe.
It's that.
With this machine. you're saying not only we think
you're a thief. but also we think you're a liar.
You know. Ms. Coombs. those
people you work for. they're all parasites.
Are you also a parasite?
My guy. he's planning something new.
I need you to find him.
and I need you to follow him.
Here's someone he gets information from.
He's a Google guy or something.
You watch him. he'll show up.
And what?
You're not gonna rob the courier.
You let him do that.
and then you'll rob him.
Step mom but sex.com?
It's just the encryption location.
Follow the steps.
Hmm.
Yeah. it's funny what. uh. just
floats to the top of the old mind.
Thanks.
White Mercedes. GLE. please.
Yes. ma'am.
Coming right up.
That's a cool car.
Thanks.
Life's too short to
drive boring cars. right?
Elvis. he said that.
Uh. right.
And what did he drive?
See. that would be a gold Cadillac.
Makes sense.
You into cars?
Uh. like the ones with a bit of character.
Would that be old ones or new ones?
Today. an old one.
Today?
I need to be in your line of work.
So what are we driving today?
Well. if you can guess.
I'll give you the keys to it.
Ooh.
Be careful.
I'm good at this.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
All right.
Okay. so I'm gonna go
with a Chevy Chevelle.
Color?
Racing green.
Right color.
Well. one out of two. that's not bad.
Not bad at all.
That is a beautiful car. though.
I underestimated you.
Mike.
Sharon.
Nice to meet you. Mike.
Nice to meet you. too.
Like I said. that's the last image we have.
Are you certain that we don't pick him
up in a one-on-one in either direction?
Still certain.
Somewhere between that turn
and the one-on-one. you switch cars.
Why are you so convinced
you took the one-on-one?
Hey. don't ask me.
Look. there's 30 blocks between
there and the one-on-one.
Let's get looking.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
No. come on. man.
How's he gonna find him?
The books come with the place?
Uh-huh.
Huh.
For someone who likes things. you
don't really have a lot of personal stuff.
No photos of family or...
Do you have any?
No photos.
No family.
Yeah. someplace.
Someplace?
What. like in a drawer?
I don't know.
We're just not really that kind of family.
We don't really keep in touch. you know?
Do you have. like.
brothers. sisters. mom. dad?
Yeah. yeah.
I don't know.
We didn't really have a lot of stuff growing up. and
whatever we did have. I didn't really keep any of it.
So. what?
Mystery.
Yeah.
Can I turn on some music?
There's a thing in the corner.
Do you have a favorite song?
Um...
No.
Okay.
I don't know why I would ask
why you would have a favorite song.
I suppose that's another black mark. huh?
Ay-yi-yi.
Do you. um...
Do you listen to music.
or...? Yeah. sometimes.
Sometimes.
You don't. do you?
Come on.
I can't dance.
Down in the street. making all that noise.
Come on.
For the girls out on the avenue.
Come here.
No photos. no music. no dancing.
Someone needs to teach
you how to be a human being.
Tonight I'm gonna take that ride.
Across the river to the Jersey side.
Take my baby to the carnival.
I love that.
They cheer for home. but no one
does that for L.A. On all the rides.
Cause down the shore. everything's alright.
Saturday night.
I know all my dreams come true.
When I walk down the street with you.
Sing sha-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.
Sha-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.
Sha-la-la-la-la-la-la.
I'm in love with a Jersey girl.
Happy?
Yeah.
Scared.
You're not gonna stay?
You want me to stay?
Yeah.
Good.
Hi. this is Mr. Stone.
I need a new apartment on the beach.
Available immediately.
Can I help you?
Got delivery for Wilson?
I'm not expecting anything.
It's got your name on it.
Just leave it outside.
I'm not allowed to do that.
Leave it in the hall.
You're gonna tell me what
you're fucking doing. okay?
Fucking tell me.
How many more of these fucking garages
you gonna make us do tonight. man?
Have you?
What?
Now what?
Move.
Call forensics.
Do you love the sense of drama?
I think you can be confident
it's not gonna lose its value.
The real question is.
how much do you love it?
Well. I love it.
It'll go great with the new chairs.
Really?
You sure you want this guy glaring
down at us every time we have dinner?
He's not glaring.
Well. he's glaring.
Well. I'm sure. and he's glaring at me.
Excuse me.
I'll be right with you.
Okay.
Sure.
Well. what a coincidence.
Hey. that's Sharon. right?
Yeah.
Mike.
That's it.
Yeah. good to see you.
Uh. so do you collect
art like you do cars. Mike?
Uh. not really. but I like it.
I like the sense of drama.
Hey. do you maybe want to get out
of here. grab a drink or something?
I swear. man.
You divorce guys always think you're gonna move
to the beach and meet some hot surfer chick.
What you gonna do. take up surfing?
No. I'm thinking of doing the yoga.
The yoga?
Of course you're gonna.
What kind?
They got kinds.
Big time. man.
They got hot yoga. fast
yoga. street yoga. Greek yoga.
Greek yoga?
That last one might be food.
You just want to get laid.
Oh. man. I want to get fit.
Look at this.
Please. man.
You want to talk?
It's like a new car.
Fuck.
Except for one microscopic speck of blood.
Is it enough to get DNA?
Should be.
Let me see.
So I guess you work in the art world.
Nope. less glamorous.
I write insurance policies for people who have
more money than they know what to do with.
So you must know a lot about
what things are worth. huh?
Mm-hmm.
Too much.
But I also have to know a lot about
the people that own these things.
How do you mean?
You know. are you a thrill seeker?
Are you an alcoholic?
Do you gamble?
Do you cheat on your partner?
You know. all those questions that you can't ask.
but you obviously need to know the answers. too.
So you get real good at reading people.
And what have you. uh.
what have you read about me?
Mm-mm.
Things you don't like or what?
Nope.
No. I did not say that.
Go on.
OK.
Well. you look like a
person who has secrets.
Is that right?
Mm-hmm.
Your shirt's new or newly pressed. which says you
don't do your own laundry or you're a bit OCD.
Uh. you're very groomed.
Your hair. your nails.
your $12.000 watch there.
Everything is just. uh. a little too perfect. which tells me
you have a lot of money and a lot of time on your hands. Mike.
Got the clothes. the cars. but you
can't seem to look me in the eye.
And I'd bet you didn't
grow up with the money.
How do you figure that?
Because people who grow
up in chaos crave order.
You talking about me or you?
Maybe both.
That hit too close to home?
No.
I have. uh. I have a confession to make.
Really?
I haven't even finished my drink.
This wasn't a coincidence.
us meeting again.
Oh.
I came here to talk to you.
You followed me.
I came here to make you
a business proposition.
You see. I know some
things about you too. Sharon.
Really?
Like what?
You live alone. you're not
married. you never have been.
No children.
You've worked at the
same company for 11 years.
You're a VP when you should be a partner.
Uh-huh.
Who the fuck are you?
Just give me 30 seconds while I have to offer you zero
risk to you and a huge upside. a life-changing upside.
No. that's okay.
That's okay.
What I do is I take certain pieces
of information from people like you.
and those ultra-high-value items belonging to the rich guys
you mentioned. well. I occasionally make them disappear.
But I do it in a way that no one can trace it. no one gets
hurt. except maybe the shareholders of companies like yours.
Yeah.
So you're a thief.
I get it.
Let me tell you something. Mike.
I've gotten where I've
gotten through hard work.
I don't lie. I don't steal.
and I certainly don't cheat.
And I'm not about to start now.
The guys you work for. you
think they're squeaky clean?
Mark made partner in five years.
How do you think I know that?
I mean. do you really think
those guys give a fuck about you?
Have a nice life. Mike.
Hey. if you change your mind. just post a photo of the
beach on Instagram. and I'll know to come find you.
Look. I don't know if anybody's ever told
you this. but you live a fucked-up life.
Check in and see where you may be
holding onto tension in this very moment.
With your breath. your body...
consciously breathe this tension out.
Breathe it out.
Let your heart open up to the
presence of love all around you.
All right.
You found me.
Who you working for?
Huh?
Go away.
Well. you know. I'm...
I'm pretty much in
between positions. right?
Yeah.
I'm looking to...
pursue a career in hospitality.
Yeah?
What did he tell you to do?
Who. he?
Yeah. what did he tell you to do?
Your boyfriend. he.
He tell you to follow me?
Bro. I'm not gay.
Hey. stop fucking around.
He tell you to follow me?
Your boyfriend?
Did he tell you to follow me?
I'm not gay.
What did he tell you to do?
If I was gay...
Stop fucking...
Who you working for?
Ask the fucking question.
Don't touch me.
What?
Stop fucking around.
You want to kiss me?
What did he tell you to do?
All right.
Fuck you.
Hey.
Hi.
You all right?
Yeah.
Okay.
You tell him...
I see you again. you're both dead.
Understand?
Yeah.
Yeah?
You understand?
Yeah.
Okay.
Cool.
Let go of your past.
Let go of your future.
Exist only in this moment.
Let's bring our left foot
forward into our warrior two.
Let's reverse the warrior.
Left elbow to left knee.
raising our right hand.
Let's go down to the floor.
Raising our right hand to the sky.
Gaze toward the sun.
the source of all life.
What are you doing here. detective?
What a coincidence.
Is it?
This keeps happening to me.
All the lousy yoga joints in LA.
You either had a drastic change of
circumstance. or you're stalking me.
Just trying something new.
Trial separation?
I wonder if it's fun being
as smart as you. Sharon.
I'm sorry.
I'm just not having a great week.
Missed your first yoga class.
Pretty obvious. yeah.
Looks good on you.
That's a very kind lie.
Thank you.
Hey. what's up?
Talzin just took a call
from Lafayette Jewelers.
He says there's someone hanging around
the outside of the store who's all wrong.
Sounds like our guy. Lou.
Why would he be our guy?
He's a half mile from the 101.
And the owner says there's also
a suspicious car across the street.
What's he driving?
It's a dark one with blacked out windows.
Just like the one we found.
This could be our guy. Lou.
All right. I'm on my way.
Make sure Talzin doesn't
beat you there. all right?
Down on the ground!
On the ground now!
Don't get too close!
No. no. no. no. no.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Fuck.
Does he have a weapon?
No. I didn't see one.
Stand back!
You think it's him?
No. it's a fucking kid.
Call an RA.
Hey. hey. hey!
Hey. stand back!
Hey. call an RA!
Wake up. Talzin.
What are you doing?
Cuff him.
Control. we got an
officer involved shooting.
Lou!
What?
He says it's his car.
Which car?
The black one.
He says it's his car.
Roll an RA.
What are you doing?
He had a gun.
What?
He had a fucking gun.
What are you talking about?
Hey!
What?
He had a fucking gun.
See for yourself.
Suspect was armed with
a semi-automatic handgun.
We'll see an ETA from an RA.
Do you think maybe your little theory got
in everyone's head a little too much today?
You got about 30 minutes
before the shooting board arrives.
At this stage. you just need
to get your statement straight.
He hadn't drawn.
Are you sure about that?
The gun was still in his bag.
Well. then. we have a problem.
I don't want to bury
anybody. but I saw what I saw.
We have a problem because your statement
won't tally with Detective Townsend's.
Oh. yeah?
Well. that's not exactly a
big surprise. considering...
Or your partner's.
Tillman's account agrees with Townsend's.
Suspect was gun in hand.
about to fire on a police officer.
And when times are
difficult. we pull together.
The three of you are suspended
until the investigation's concluded.
After which time. you'll be welcomed back.
Unless...
One man should choose a different path.
Congratulations are in order.
Madeline wrote her
first policy here at LNV.
She brought Monroe in on a stake.
and she brought Monroe in on a gun.
We want a significant
coverage on that wedding.
And for Beverly Wilshire.
it's a great start. Madeline.
Congratulations.
Oh. my God.
It should have.
Right.
The mini-boo.
Thank you.
Good start. Madeline.
Keep it to good work.
He actually wants to extend
cover to the wedding favors as well.
Yeah.
What's he giving them?
Diamonds for the bridal
party. around 12 carat each.
So. that's an extra five and a half mil.
That's nice. but also high risk.
Make sure they have a
good security plan. yeah?
Of course.
I'm ready on it.
All right.
I think that's it. everybody.
Madeline. good start.
Sharon. can you hold back for five?
Real quick?
Yeah. sure.
You doing okay?
Yeah.
Good.
I finally was able to wrangle the
partners. so I just wanted to fill you in.
Oh. good.
Yeah.
Great.
So. the thinking is. given the year that we had.
we're going to put a pin in it until early next year.
We really want to get a clear financial picture
of everything before we make a decision.
Okay?
So. hang tight.
Really?
Yeah.
Because it was my understanding
that we had a really good financial year.
I mean. not least thanks to
several of the policies that I wrote.
I mean. I can show you the numbers.
Yeah. we looked at the numbers. and that's why. come
January. we think you're going to be pretty happy.
but you've got to hang in there until then.
Well. you said that last January.
Well. good things come
to those who wait. Sharon.
But I've been waiting.
I've been here for 11 years. Mark.
I'm aware.
Right. and you made junior partner
in five and senior in seven. so...
What's your question. Sharon?
My question is. if it's not going to happen. then I just would like
to know that so I can start considering myself and maybe my clients.
That's all.
Oh. you mean go to a competitor?
Well. I mean. I'm just saying.
You think one of our competitors is just going to snatch
you up because you're going to present them the numbers?
I've got a number for you. Sharon. 53.
It's not a good number for a
woman in this business. is it?
Because we know what those rich
guys are really buying. and it's not 53.
Don't threaten me.
Got Tillman's DNA match?
Which one's his desk?
I could take that.
There's a courier coming in from Antwerp.
He's carrying watches and gems
for billionaires getting married.
Wedding favors.
With a value of 5.5 million.
Where?
The Beverly Wilshire.
What's the security set up?
We insist that armed security stay with our
courier until the transaction is completed.
And there's one more thing.
The buyer is paying cash for everything.
This way. he doesn't pay tax. and the
vendor doesn't have to declare to the IRS.
You're looking at $11 million in that room.
Of which. I want three.
Is there separate security for the cash?
I don't know.
We don't insure the cash.
So there could be.
Could be.
That's a lot of guns.
And it's a busy location.
I'd say it's too risky.
Can I ask you something?
Have you ever done a job for $11 million?
No. I haven't.
Isn't that what you guys
call walk-away money?
Well. that's the thing about walk-away money
is you gotta be able to walk away with it.
What made you change your mind. anyway?
Maybe there comes a moment...
when you realize you don't have as
much time as you thought you had.
Daniel.
This is our new home.
Come on.
Ah.
Can I help you?
Good evening. ma'am.
I'm Detective Lubesnik from LAPD.
I got this address as a last known domicile
for a man by the name of James Davis.
Does that name mean anything to you?
Why would you be looking for him here?
You know Mr. Davis.
Why are you looking for him?
One.
Forward.
Admit.
James.
It's Ann. sweetheart.
I don't know if this number
works. but I'd like to speak with you.
Will you call me if you can?
Okay. boys.
It's bedtime.
Come on. let's go.
Come on. gentlemen.
Say good night.
Good night.
Why don't you leave your number?
Hello?
Is everything okay?
A man came to look for you.
A policeman.
He's concerned about your safety.
Hello. James.
Jesus Christ!
Hi.
Listen. uh. the courier.
When did you fly?
What?
The courier.
You were telling me about him.
When did you fly?
I don't know.
I don't...
Days or weeks?
Well. the wedding is on Sunday.
so I'm guessing Friday or Saturday.
Take this.
Keep it on.
After we speak. take out the SIM.
destroy it. then dispose of the phone.
Seriously?
Isn't this what you want?
Hi. I was wondering if it would be possible
to take a look at the wedding suite.
Let me see what I can show you.
Hold it. please.
Yes.
Hey. I need you to get
me the flight number.
And the security guard. I need a name.
Shut the fuck up.
What the fuck?
I'm not fucking here for that. okay?
You know what I'm here for.
Hey. what do you think
you're fucking doing?
Huh?
You know what I want?
You know what I'm fucking doing. bitch?
Huh?
Don't fucking...
You're gonna fucking do me what
you do and you get to keep your face.
Yeah.
You want to keep your face?
You tell me what you
fucking gave him. okay?
Okay.
Yeah?
You're gonna tell me what you gave him.
Into a seated position.
Not in the mood today?
Can I buy you a coffee?
Or maybe a smoothie?
Is everything okay?
What happened?
And what did you tell
the guy who attacked you?
I told him everything I told you.
Same as you told this Mike?
Yeah.
Seeing as I told you all this. is
that gonna keep me out of jail?
You basically confessed to a
conspiracy to commit gross larceny.
Yeah.
We go official with this?
Hearing?
Well. that gets ugly.
Fuck.
There's somewhere you
can stay for a few days.
Friend. maybe.
Stay at my place.
It'll be safe.
Tell me more about this Mike.
Hey.
How you doing?
I need to review the evidence
from that case from last week.
There you go.
It's late.
You know where it is
because I'm closing up in ten.
I won't be more than five minutes.
Five minutes?
Yeah.
Alright.
Thanks.
Five minutes.
Thank you.
You okay?
Yeah.
I gotta go out of town for a while.
Why?
The work thing.
There's opportunities
come up and I have to go.
For how long?
Not sure exactly.
It could be a while.
Yeah.
Can you do me a favor?
What's that?
Can you just tell me the truth?
That is the truth.
Okay.
And...
What is it that you do?
I told you.
Hey. can I grab a drink?
Sure.
Give me a second.
Look at me.
Look at me or I'm leaving.
Do you know how fucked up this is?
I mean. I'm...
I'm walking around.
Thinking that I...
Thinking about how much I like you.
And then I realize I don't even know you.
I mean. you haven't told me anything.
There are no photographs of your past.
You seem to have no family.
You have no friends.
You have...
There's nothing.
Maya. I'm just asking you to wait for me.
Wait?
For what?
No. seriously. for what?
For you to get to some magic number?
Don't patronize me.
Because you don't
understand it doesn't matter.
What. money?
Yeah.
If you grow up with no money.
then you don't have any choices.
And then bad shit happens.
Bad things come into your life.
What kind of bad shit?
Bad people.
I'm just asking you to wait a short time.
I'm not where I need to be yet. okay?
I think you are.
Wow.
Look at you.
Pretending to be a capitalist?
Something like that.
How'd you sleep?
Good.
I have some coffee up there.
And some oat milk in the fridge.
Thank you.
Don't make yourself at home.
Yeah?
I'm sorry. I'm here for a pickup.
My phone's about to die.
You don't have a charge
that I can borrow. do you?
I do. buddy. but I'm not...
Hands on the steering wheel. Bob.
Please. don't hurt my family.
Start by handing me your phone.
Mr. Foster?
Yes?
Please follow me.
What's this about?
Mr. Foster?
Welcome.
Glad you're good to go.
Can I see some ID?
Sure.
Thanks.
Here you go.
Good to go.
Slide okay. huh?
Yeah. yeah. thanks.
Pretty used to it by now.
Come out this way a lot?
Ah. you know. a few times a year.
Lot of homeless here. huh?
Glad to be dirt poor. you wouldn't
catch me living on the sidewalk.
Is that saying?
Don't judge a man till you've
walked a mile in his shoes.
I wore those shoes once.
They didn't suit me too well.
Where'd you say you were from?
I'm from here.
L.A. Whereabouts?
Bunch of places.
Moved around a lot as a kid.
It's a nice car.
You like cars?
Yeah. I prefer the old American ones.
How about yourself?
When I was a kid. I dreamt
about having a Mustang.
Like Steve McQueen.
Yeah.
Yeah. Steve McQueen.
Funny. a guy your age wouldn't
normally know who Steve McQueen is.
I grew up watching those movies.
What's your favorite?
I'd say. uh. Bullet. you know. the chasers.
Yeah. mine's Thomas Crown Affair.
McQueen plays a high-class thief.
I didn't catch that one.
Hey. Sharon.
Madeline. you don't have to do this.
You don't have to laugh
at his silly little jokes.
Or even act like you like him.
Or anything here.
Because that's what I did.
For years and years.
And they told me exactly
what they're telling you.
That I was the brightest
spark to ever be interviewed.
That they were waiting for somebody
like me to walk through that door.
They said that I would make partner.
And that I would have equity.
That I would be set for life.
And then they dragged it on forever.
As if they were...
Because you're having an HR
problem and there's a protocol for that.
And this is not it.
You know what?
Shut the fuck up.
You know what else?
They don't care how smart you are.
They don't care what you know.
Or how good you are.
All you are to them is bait.
Bait to land the next big. fat. rich fish.
That these assholes
can't land for themselves.
Now. I don't know how many
years that I'm gonna have left to offer.
Since I'm 53.
But I do know.
That I'm not gonna give them to you.
Let's go.
Private security visiting a
guest in the wedding suite.
It's fine.
Go right ahead. sir.
It's my first day.
I'm supposed to be on Butler's sermons.
Just staying right there.
You've been here before?
Yes. I have.
You'll take the next one. please. folks.
Hey. I forgot which
room I got to take this to.
You'll be on the ticket.
Oh. first day.
Don't know what I did with it.
Dial 011.
Hey. I got drinks for Monroe.
I think they gave me the wrong room number.
Mr. Monroe?
I'm gonna call you back.
Babe?
Yeah?
Some guy's here for you.
Oh. okay. good.
Uh. no. I want it as is.
Antwerp?
That's right.
Okay. I gotta go.
Yeah. no. I gotta go.
Any problems?
No. sir.
No issues with customers?
Everyone. hands on your head right now.
No one needs to get hurt.
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
You're on your knees
facing the wall right now.
You're the security guy.
He has a gun.
What is this?
It's a robbery.
Hey. I'm not fucking around.
On your knees right now.
I'm not telling you again.
On your fucking knees.
Please don't hurt me.
Shit.
Briefcase on the table.
Hands on your head.
Then kneel.
Let's go.
Now. where's the cash. Monroe?
Cash?
There's no fucking cash.
The cash you're using to
pay for the items in the case.
It's in the safe.
Where's the safe?
Where's the fucking safe?
It's over there.
It's too dark.
You know the code?
No.
All right. Monroe.
When I say so. you're going to crawl over
to the safe. unlock. but do not open it.
And crawl back to where you are now.
You understand?
Yeah.
Move.
Go.
Jesus fuck.
Christ.
It's right here.
Oh. shit.
I fucked up.
Stop messing around.
Come on.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
OK. I got it.
I'm not fucking playing.
It's in front of the fucking code.
Fuck.
There it is.
What are you doing?
Fill this bag up.
Hey. doctor. you. uh...
I'm just a security man
over at the briefcase.
Come on.
Let's go.
That's a combination.
That's OK.
Nice and easy.
I take the diamonds out.
Jesus fucking Christ. man.
What the fuck is happening?
Hey. shut up.
Shit.
Jesus Christ.
Shut up.
Fuck. man.
Stop fucking talking.
Put the gun down.
I'm a police officer.
You're under arrest.
Put the gun down.
The second you pull
that trigger. I pull mine.
You probably got a kid somewhere. right?
And for what?
For this fucking crooked trick?
It's the last time I'm asking you
to put the gun down now. James.
I know all about you.
And I know you never hurt anyone before.
You're pointing a gun at a cop.
You're a cop?
Then be a fucking cop.
Shut up.
Shoot the fucking guy.
Shoot him right now.
What kind of cop are you?
Shut up!
Put the gun down.
I'm not putting the fucking gun down.
It's the last time I'm asking you.
Fuck.
Put the fucking gun down.
Put the gun down.
I'm a police officer.
Who the fuck is he?
He's a cop.
Oh. you're a fucking cop?
Fucking cop.
Put the gun down.
What the fuck is he acting. man?
Huh?
Put it down.
You think I'd fucking play?
Listen to me.
Hey!
Pink?
I'm fucking pink.
Put the gun down.
I'm sorry. Kelly.
You want blood in your
motherfucking cop hands. huh?
Put it down!
You want fucking blood in your cop hands?
You are a cop!
What?
Shut up!
Hey!
Shoot him!
Shut up!
Kill him!
Motherfucker!
Fuck you!
Yeah!
You think I'm fucking blind?
Fucking piece of shit!
Fuck you.
Fuck you!
You should take what you came for and go.
Hey.
Hey!
Place your case towards me.
Place your fucking case towards me!
Just take it.
Don't fucking look at me.
I'm not looking at you.
It's your eyes.
You see my face.
I need you to put your gun down.
Take it.
Put your fucking gun down.
All right.
Put the gun down.
Gun down.
Put the fucking gun down!
I'm not putting the gun down.
Why?
Put the gun down.
Put the fucking gun down!
Put it down!
Fuck you!
Oh!
Oh. shit.
Oh. he's dead.
Oh. my God.
He's fucking dead.
He's dead.
Oh. fuck.
He was gonna shoot you.
Here's what you're gonna do.
You're gonna get in your car. and
you're gonna drive and never come back.
The money and the diamonds are still here.
There's the thief.
The one and one robber.
I know.
Oh. shit.
Oh. my God.
I need to fucking end this right now.
I'm gonna personally
ensure that you do time.
You're never gonna work ever again.
No. you're not.
You're gonna keep your
money and your stones.
And when the cops show up here.
you're gonna listen to what I tell them.
And then you're gonna say what he said.
The fuck I will.
See. once they start investigating you for the importation of
illegal stones and tax evasion. then they really start digging.
So you better be squeaky fucking clean.
Is that what you want?
What the fuck is the matter with you?
I suggest you get all that back in
the safe before my colleagues arrive.
Let's go.
Call me when you have fucking power.
This is Detective
Lubeznik. Robbery Division.
I'm at the Beverly Wilshire Road. 1018.
I need an RA unit.
I have two victims down.
one KMA. another three.
Exhale.
You are safe.
You are calm.
You are exactly where you need to be.
Open yourself to the
truth of what's within you.
Don't hold back.
It's now time to slowly begin to bring
your awareness back into the physical body.
May you have a beautiful rest of your day.
Namaste.
Hey.
I came by your apartment.
Yeah. I was away.
Yeah. I had a message.
Oh. yeah?
I. uh...
I have something for you.
Maybe it'll help the night in here.
Why?
What is it?
Something nobody's looking for.
You said you have a message for me too?
This was sent to me.
I don't know what that is.
No?
Well...
You think you'll be coming back to yoga?
I don't know.
Think I should?
I think you should.
Okay.
See you.
Maya. I was wrong. I
hope it's not too late.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm